manifest: pull Matter fix for WPA3 Wi-Fi connection (#9737)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* Added:

  * Support for Wi-Fi Network Diagnostic Cluster (which counts the number of packets received and transmitted on the Wi-Fi interface).

>   * Default support for nRF7002 revision B

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Default support for nRF7002 revision B.
```

Author: Done.

* Fixed:

>   * Connection timeout when attaching to Wi-Fi Access Point which requires Wi-Fi Protected Access 3 (WPA3)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * An issue with a connection timeout when attaching to a Wi-Fi Access Point that requires Wi-Fi Protected Access 3 (WPA3).
```

Author: Done.
